29.0.0 (#813)
MetaMask/controllers: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [29.0.0]
### Added
- Reintroduce NotificationController for in-app notifications ([#709](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/709))

> - Add token service timeout param and improve tests ([#793](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/793))

Reviewer: Nit: I think it reads better if the test changes aren't referenced. And if we add that it's optional.
```suggestion
- Add optional token service timeout parameter([#793](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/793))
```

### Changed
- **BREAKING**: Bump eth-keyring-controller to 7.0.1 ([#802](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/802))

>   - Mnemonics in keyrings of type `HD Key Tree` are always serialized as buffers. `exportSeedPhrase` now returns a buffer rather than a string, consumers will need to adapt to this new return type accordingly.

Reviewer: Buffer is the internal type, but they are serialized as arrays of numbers
```suggestion
  - Mnemonics in keyrings of type `HD Key Tree` are always serialized as arrays of numbers. `exportSeedPhrase` now returns a buffer rather than a string, consumers will need to adapt to this new return type accordingly.
```
